Yeah, yeah, how are you tonight? Lovely downtown dynasty. Make some noise for the people at home.
Yeah, we need you to sound a little bit louder than you really are. Act as if we were all here tonight. Make some noise.
Alright, I'll believe that, I'll believe that. Ladies and gentlemen, Superstar, Wonder Master, Game Master, Spencer Grinter!
So stop running at the mall. So stop running at the mall. I hope you paid your parking tickets. I hope you put your money down for the city. Cause you are out to pay. Cause we are all going to town.
Down there at the home of... Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, high pitch rapper, rapping at a high pitch. Fuck your mama cause her arm got nine stitches.
I already went to a gross place immediately. A PZotomy. For the folks at home, what's an A PZotomy? I mean, I know what one is.
That's a world record for how gross it got. It was like right at the gross line, like coming off the starting block. My first step was gross.
Yeah, but you know the deal in order to freestyle. Well, you got to be brave. The PZotomy was a brave jumping off point.
You know what? I'm torn now. Okay. I'm a little... Sometimes I'm like, maybe not so much self-reflection. I watched my first AOC Instagram live. Have you seen her do her Instagram streams?
I haven't. I have followed AOC.
She apparently just... I watched it and it was genuinely inspiring. From an attitudinal standpoint, from a performative standpoint. It really doesn't matter what your politics are.
For a politician to be like, I'm going to make a chicken dinner and talk shop. She wasn't spending the whole time going like, I'm sorry, was that racist? I don't know. You know what I'm saying?
You better believe she gets more trolls than I've ever had. I was just watching. Everyone's taking the hottest pot shots at her. Sorry if I hit you with a piece of popcorn.
See, she wouldn't say that. She'd be like, I got to get a new bowl for my chicken. She was just like... That's how collective bargaining will work for healthcare.
You know what? I need a mixing bowl. She just had this calm... I was watching it and I'm like, she's not fucking around. She really does need that mixing bowl.
She's smart enough to know that she's not... If there's 11 handlers off camera going like, no, no, no, not the mixing bowl. She'd have a million reasons to tailspin.
But she's genuinely making a family dinner and just propped her phone up and she's like, okay, what's the next question? And then there's a million dudes going like, how much for a blue jug?
And she's just like, I need a mixing bowl. It's fucking inspiring.
It is. It is because you see that she really wants to do it. You're used to seeing politicians who don't want to do it.
To know that you're... I mean, what have we associated politics with throughout history? What is the problem with it? It's always that, oh, the kinds of people that aspire to it are exactly the kind of people you don't want to give that job to.
That's right.
Because they're pieces of shit. And maybe she's a piece of shit. I don't know much about her, but I'll tell you what. She knows how to fucking Instagram live.
I'll tell you, she's got that on me. I was like, man, I'm inspired. She's like the Joan of Arc of Instagram live.
Yeah.
I've been trying. I asked myself while I work out in my Instagram live feed, what would AOC do right now? And I just think, get a mixing bowl.
Like, I just try to get the... Was that a fake laugh?
Oh, yeah. I got to do that these days.
Is it really that needed?
No, no. It's a real laugh.
How are you, Spencer?
Oh, I'm so good. I'm not great. I'm fine. It's good.
All right. Mixed signals.
Yeah. That's me, baby.
You need a mixing bowl?
I was going to go there. Yeah.
For those signals?
Yeah. How do you think they got as such?
Why don't you go there on one of them?
I might.
All right.
On my feelings?
Yeah.
Or my signals?
Yeah. Just one bad thing, one good thing.
Okay. One bad thing. I hate myself.
Okay. All right. We're going to have to skip the next question I lied. No. One good thing.
One good thing. I don't know, man. Let's see. I guess it's not so mixed.
How's it going with your...
It's just kind of a bowl of...
It's all in one.
Yeah. It's all in just one...
I was just wondering in the splash though.
No, that was a vodka to go with the popcorn flake that flew off earlier.
What are you writing down? Are you...
Oh, no.
Popcorn.
She sketches.
Oh, you're just drawing. How dare you.
That's the opposite of writing. It's fine.
Drawing can only ever be supportive.
Like, yeah. If you're writing, it's like it could go either way.
She made me look like Post Malone.
I don't want any of this to get out.
Don't leave this room. Don't write anything down.
This is between us.
You could hand that to someone on a pony.
It could be in Delaware by Wednesday.
Man, these hipsters, they reel old style.
They come to your show. They don't take pictures for Instagram.
They draw the shit.
They hand it to a red coat.
Right.
They hand it to a right brother.
And then there's a dirigible going to the Santa Barbara.
You know, the next thing, you know.
Old Jed's a millionaire.
That's all folks.
I was talking. I was talking.
I was realizing recently I have some deep seated issues
with my parents that I've been exploring.
Oh, my therapist says I should get a haircut.
Right. Well, I so I wanted to ask you about your therapist.
Oh, yeah.
So you don't let me stop you.
For those of you who are new to the podcast,
Spencer's therapist is a bully.
Oh, yeah.
He just wants him to cut his hair because it's long.
Is that still happening?
No, I didn't see him for a month or longer
because he had some stuff.
I had some stuff, you know,
he had a rope he had to climb.
Right.
He went to a therapist convention.
You don't want that to happen.
I don't want therapists to get convincing.
Yeah.
I always felt like I was when I was going to a chiropractor,
he was like, and he would go like,
oh, I can't do next week at the regular time.
I'm going to a convention.
Right.
A great, great.
You're going to be,
you're going to go to nine seminars about how to,
how to fucking tell me that my foot limpness has to do
with whether I should eat Cheetos.
Fucking garbage.
You're going to like start making me fill out
new Xerox forms that you got for free
from some fucking dude in hall H.
Going to be poking you with his other hand or something.
But did your therapist come come back
with a different attitude?
Yeah.
He was like, your hair is great.
Oh.
No, no, no.
God damn it.
You got to be excited.
Because that's what I was thinking,
is that he would go to a convention,
maybe it's his first one in four years or something,
and then he'd go to a seminar and be like,
hey, stop telling your customers to cut their hair.
Yeah.
That's like not cool.
Well, I don't know.
My friend has a therapist who,
she says, subscribes to that simulation theory of the world,
which I don't know that there's a lot of religious beliefs
that you don't want a therapist to have,
but it's all a simulation is probably like,
it's got to be one of the worst.
It just seems really fucked up to me.
Yeah.
Like, oh, you know what you got to do?
A cheat code.
What?
Just getting to hacking.
But no, no, one of my therapists said,
I don't know.
He asked me about my social life a lot,
and he's because the first time I came in,
I was like really depressed about a girl,
and I was just bummed out and it was bummed me out,
and that's one of the reasons why I started seeing a therapist.
And so since then, he's been asking me about my social life,
but I always take that as like a transition into talking about my hair.
So I've been trying to like be like, oh, it's great.
Oh, went to the beach.
Oh boy.
Which I don't think is a good use of therapy, you know.
By the way, there's no guests tonight, so fuck off.
In a way, we're all the guests.
Let's bring out Spencer's therapist.
God, that would be a damn bully.
We should book him.
That would be cool.
Well, I don't know.
It would be hostile, but it would be interesting to just ask him questions
like it was a real person.
When he asks you about your social life,
is he what is he saying?
Is he asking where you go?
Is he trying to fucking hang?
What is he?
He's trying to hang.
No, I think that I think he's just wanting to know like what I'm doing.
Like because I think you even have any friends.
That's what it's a picture.
Your therapist is like a bad guy from an 80s ski movie.
Yeah.
Do you even have any friends?
Why don't you get a haircut?
Yeah, man.
Maybe you'd have more fun if you cut your fucking hair, bro.
Who do you know here?
Who do you know at this therapist office?
My therapist started asking me a shower more as I shared,
but then also like which I have started doing because I have a pool now.
So now I just shower more and I have like a better shower.
I have like one of those showers where you just like there's less difference
between the shower and the bathroom.
So it just feels more like, you know, like a fancy hotel.
You can walk right in.
Yeah, you walk in and you go pshh and it goes pshh and you go pshh.
You start peeing.
Yeah.
Instead of like step over it.
Something like that.
You get in that tub that poor people tub and it's like,
and the fucking shower heads just like pshh.
And you're like,
And instead of, this is like a big booth and you just,
I can just stand behind the shower head and be like pshh.
Be as cold as you want.
You fucking shit fuck.
Okay.
I'll talk to you when you're hot.
And then I'm like, you're too hot.
I'll talk to you when you're fucking the temperature of my mom's womb.
Too soon, too late.
Too soon.
And then I'm just, so I'm like, okay, I'll shower all the time.
Big deal.
Like I always knew it was bullshit.
So now, so now, so now I'm the cleanest nerd in the world.
I guess I'm your worst nightmare.
Well, can I be, can I be the president now?
I'm so clean.
Smell my dick.
Eat off my armpit.
You can make a wrap sandwich.
Eat my armpit.
I'm so cool.
But another thing my therapist.
You took it too far when you said wrap.
Yeah.
Another thing my therapist started saying though,
and this troubles me, is my therapist started saying at the end of the sessions,
she now goes, so what do you want to do?
So next week, two weeks.
A suspect.
Like she's kind of like, I think you're done.
Like, why are you coming every week?
You're boring.
Like we get it.
You're rich.
You're happy.
Oh good.
Like, what do you just come here to fucking talk about some dude that got on your nerves
on the freeway?
That's not why I get paid.
Fuck off, you fat jerk.
Okay, but again, I think that's awesome to graduate.
I know, but it feels also, I feel terrified.
I'm like, no, mama, I need to come back every week.
I'm moving.
I got all kinds of problems.
What if something doesn't spark joy?
And that's true.
My shit's like, I still have shit that maybe I haven't told you yet.
Yeah.
Yeah, exactly.
I want to like beef it up at the end of a season of law and order, just like throwing.
By the way, I'm an alcoholic.
Right.
Jerry Orbeck's got a problem.
Donner killed himself.
I just want to turn to her and be like, okay, so now here's the real me.
Yeah.
After like four years of seeing.
That would be amazing at the end of it.
Thank you so much.
Yeah.
I think I'll do two weeks from now.
I've always been British.
You're a terrible therapist.
You did not pick up my accent.
You never knew I wasn't British.
I want a therapist react to that.
So they'd be like, oh, you get some money back.
You're right.
I'm not that good.
I've been treating you as an American, which means that I don't know who you are.
So that would be like finding a finding out your doctor's stethoscope didn't work.
I've been British the whole time.
Love.
I'm not qualified to check your prostate the entire time.
All right.
Uber updated its app and the the reckoning is upon us.
There's now when you order a ride, a thing comes up and it says something I've always
dreamt of.
It says like, okay, and what's your conversation preference?
You can you can say I want I want to quiet or I want to chatty.
What?
Yeah.
So like the two settings are like, keep it quiet or I don't mind it.
I don't mind to chat something like that.
Which one are you?
Well, 90% of the time quiet, but then but and I always wanted that.
I've always said, I think a lot of people have always said, by the way, could you add a fucking
button?
You've said that I was gonna say yeah, like add a button that says just to let you know
before you even accept the fare.
I'm not I don't want to make a friend tonight.
I don't want to hear about your podcast.
I don't want to fucking like I don't want you to question my fucking left turns and right
turns.
I don't want you to.
I could imagine for the ladies.
Maybe there's a whole thing there.
It's like, don't fucking talk to me.
And and finally now there's a button there, but now now I'm filled with anxiety because
I'm always like, I hit that button.
And then I'm like, I keep thinking, well, one of these days I'm going to hit a, oh,
maybe I'll have like just taken an Adderall an hour earlier.
Oh, shit.
And I'm like, I'm just kind of like in a high mood.
And I'm like, you know what?
Oh, I don't mind having a little chitty chat and like like the tyranny of that now for
the for a driver who would normally like the Jason Statham transporter out there who's
like, I have two rules.
Love.
I don't know.
You don't bug me.
I don't bug you.
Oh, just pick up.
Yeah.
Take you from him.
And then they like get the fare and they're like, it's like wouldn't wouldn't mind a little
chat.
Like, oh, like, you don't want to punish somebody.
They're like, like force somebody to like be driving.
And like, how's the weather?
And God damn it.
Fuck this.
Yeah.
Or to be stuck with the sin bad of overdrivers.
She's like, oh, I'm a Lassianica jokes.
My San Vicente jokes.
Hey, ma'am, here we go by pigs.
You know, pigs is a hot dog seller.
I don't want to be in the car with that dude.
Yeah.
They could have just been like a normal or just give me a fucking minute.
You know, instead of like, you got to be talking, man, talk.
You better.
Yes.
And me, doll.
Because it's not.
I don't know who's requesting chattiness.
It just seems like, you know, it's like I today my mom died.
I don't want to talk to anybody.
That didn't happen to me, but it's like that's the circumstance.
And no one's like, hmm, how am I feeling like cordial?
Well, the weird thing is the air one because it's like chat preferences and there's probably
like music preferences.
And there's one of those like air preferences and the choices are hot.
Who's choosing hot?
Warm, cool, cold and no preference.
Like it kind of that's weird because it makes you it forces someone who ordinarily your
default choice would be like, well, wait a minute, I want you to be accountable to the
livability of the temperature of your right of your of your cabin.
But that the only choice for a person that feels that way is no preference, which is
it's a weird thing to say about your the temperature of a car you're getting to no preference.
Well, I do have a preference.
I hope it's not cold.
Right.
I also hope it's not hot.
There is no selection in other words that just says room temperature.
Right.
It's no preference, which to me is like undecided.
I'm the Ken Bone of temperature.
I still haven't made up my mind.
Like, give me what you got.
I'm adorable.
I just I'm just here to feel things out like how will I know if I'm not exposed to all
the elements like and then they might feel like I need to like blast you with boy, what
a shitty episode this is.
I mean, that's really I think that's all I got honestly.
I don't know what we're going to do.
It's fucked up that somebody could get in your car and be like, I'm hot and I told you
to shut up.
This is this is this is my checklist that says quiet preferred button Uber and AOC chicken
dinner.
That's my that's my those are my notes.
I didn't I didn't guys.
I I thought that was two hours of oh well.
Well, we're freestyling now.
All right.
No net.
Good.
We don't need no fucking no.
How are you?
How is your clothes?
God damn it.
They're lovely.
What'd you do this weekend?
I I forced myself to go to my old house and grab some stuff that I felt like was worth
bringing over to my new house.
I'm like living in a big empty house.
Cody and I are like living in this unfurnished house sleeping on a mattress on the floor
and it's kind of like we keep joking like oh maybe we maybe maybe this is a new lifestyle
like no furniture.
There is a decorator that the will eventually be furnishing the place but in the meantime
we're kind of like what are we supposed to it's usually when you move your you got a
couch at your old place you're going to bring it to your new place because number one usually
your old place is not going to stay your place and you all also don't want to buy a new couch
so I don't think I have to explain this to you guys but I have to explain it to you because
you have to understand it's not the case with me like I'm keeping my old house and I don't
want any of the furniture in it at my new place because number one I'm probably going to rent
my old house right so I'm not gonna I may not rent it unfurnished because you don't rent
a house with no furniture I don't think you can do both it could do both I lived in a
rented house once that was unfurnished because it was like oh I'm gonna rent this place
yearly so there is that but then there's also the more like the kind of like upscale
like hey this is this place is ready to go Leo de Caprio's nephew who's in town for a
year and he has money to burn and just like I don't know if there's there's like a market
for that and that market may depend on oh just keep the furniture that's there at any rate
I'm not going to throw the furniture in the garbage right but I'm not going to move it
to the new place and I'm not gonna and it's just like it's just like the house is just
filled with shit and we were talking about this last night like it's like you start to
realize usually it's forced upon you because you're your mood you got to get out of your
old place so that shit's you got to go through that shit anyway but if you don't have to
go through it if it's sitting there you're kind of like oh you just start to realize
your whole life represents decisions that you delayed that's what your house is full
of is shit that you put off thinking about that's what's on every shelf is like piles
of paper that like may or may not be valuable they weren't so obviously garbage that it
was joyful to throw them away but they also definitely aren't like oh old man withers
special paper that he gave me to oh yeah close to my heart and it's like you're now
like forced to I got to either throw this shit out or I got to bring it I got to act
like I'm proud of it and bring it over to my place I don't want to do either and it kind
of it makes me like wake up in an unfurnished house every morning and go what should I do
today let's say on the weekend is like there could be a million answers to that if you're
just in the bustle of moving but like you wake up and you go shit I don't have anything
here and you go well I got a bunch of shit at the old house should I go grab that computer
now that computer sucks like you're probably going to get a new computer you know what that
old ass computer over here and then you go what am I really going to spend $30,000 on
a new fucking Mac Pro or am I going to go PC or am I going to go like like because what
and then I'm like I don't want to think about that I don't want to think about that right
and then I'm like okay fuck computers and then you're like what's left shirts should I bring
11,000 Rick and Morty shirts over here that I don't wear because I don't want people to
see me in public and think that's so sad he wants us to ask about the show so I don't
like I got but I'm not throwing those away what am I doing with those shirts I have 11,000
Rick and Morty shirts what am I I can't throw them away I don't want to be responsible for
a bunch of homeless people going down it's like I don't want to be the new Britney Spears
where it's like all the homeless people are wearing Rick and Morty shirts the creator
gave me this man this was dumped off in a U-Haul at the Goodwill and like everyone's
just like pickle Rick I could actually undercut my own cottage industry by doing that here
so the irony if you should ever become homeless and then I end up you're down there wearing
a Rick and Morty shirt and you say same guy give it to you gave it to me maybe you can
have an estate sale and have people come over by the shit lug it away and wander the
premises in your boxer shorts crying about how this was your dad's house I think you're
on to something there brandy is that all under the category of that's where the state sale
is okay so I could pretend I died and that I'm my own uncle or something like that like
you can be you can be whoever you want you could be like I do like a Marvin Gaye's dad
I can't I'm out of bail I shot my son would you like his bedspread I gotta make bail why
price is so low prices is so low because I gotta make bail by the way if you're listening
and you're part of the Marvin Gaye family I'm sorry so sorry that's I that's it the
new I tell you you can't you can't joke about anything like everyone's counting now they're
counting that blurred lines money for the folks at home what's the Marvin Gaye family
doing well I don't know what the Marvin Gaye family is doing but you know what have they
done you know Marvin Marvin Gaye was a singer classic was he in the Commodores what was
it no no he was his own thing he was Marvin Gaye and Tammy Terrell it was a Motons you
know a staple until he shot his son his dad's dad's oh he was jealous jealous dad his dad
shot him because he stood up to his father his father had been abusive to his mom sure
for years then the Marvin fell on some hard times had to move back in with the parents
was like you can't keep talking to mom like that especially now that I've been famous
that's fucking a break yeah then was like laying down asleep and his dad came in and
was like I shot him man see family is the worst right right probably not a controversial
opinion but what a shitty dad yeah well you know I don't want to go I don't want to you
know play the devil's advocate here but I'm on his but sometimes kids can be a drag as
though you're sometimes you want to you want to be mean to your wife you can't have people
telling you not to do that yeah I mean yeah I was supposed to do listen to them you're
a product of the twisted relationship between me and your mother how dear you condemn it
right that's almost like saying I'm doing something wrong sort of say shout out to all
the dudes who punch their dads in the face for some shit like that hell yeah hope you
don't get shot right I wonder what the statistics are is there a word for is there a side you
know cide prefects for you know we have patricide matricide we have infanticide fratricide what
is there is there a side I think it's for killing your offspring yeah okay if you say
insecticide I'm gonna come out there you're like a evil villain with a bow tie I'm the
word miser are you looking for something I've got it I will not explain I'll nearly acknowledge
its existence you have 20 questions do you know the word no you're just starting you're
just you're just voting confidence in the English language you're like look I know old lady
English has got it it's a different guy but there our audience is just I mean you got to
make your own fun in this episode I agree like don't rush anything I am on your side it's
the same prefects when you know nephra nephra side I love which is also which is the wikipedia
says fill a side what's that fi li side fill aside motherfucker nephra side we know what that
really means it's the next episode nephra side it's also possible it could be both right
like I mean yeah yeah there's plenty of words but he had arrogance that made it sound like
it could only be one and that was a mistake aside so hack why is it speaking of language
evolving I think it is that I will never use an emoji but I will constantly use animated
gifts like like what is that about me do you use emoticons I have you know I won't use emoticons
when I was growing up that emoticons were the beginning of it was like people using
colon and a parenthesis to indicate a smile or a frown we were like the the the the purists
among us for like that was like how dare you like if you can't communicate your state
or your position or whether I should take you seriously without like reverting to the
ape-like behavior that chased us here to this haven like why are you bringing that here it
was like people would do ascii roses in chat rooms you know here's a rose classic yeah I
mean I you know the heroes among us hated those people and then the emoji came along
yeah why do a why do emoticons when you can do an emoji and I can't I won't touch it I
won't do it I also won't type lol I'll only type haha I don't understand what my definition
of of those boundaries are and I especially don't understand why I think animated gifts
are the fucking greatest things on sliced bread yeah I think that's amazing that I don't
think it is whether it's ironic or sincere like I'll I'll like I'll just throw you an
image of Jim Carrey going I I likey likey like whatever like I don't I don't I don't
suffer a moment of indecision about it I don't think I'm selling out it's like 50 cent
like fucking smiling and then driving away and then birds in the backseat I don't I love
it all yeah they're genius because the little mini movies that you can throw at somebody
why is that why does that meet my definition of classy or like what hip or what is it it's
a chance at sarcasm like never before I don't know I did like like is it is it because
emo if you if you send an emoji what you're doing is is your is it is about inductive
versus deductive like I kind of like the shape of the telescope like you're looking through
the image and like if I send Oprah if you say something to me and I send you an image of
Oprah going like it's more up to you what that means and that therefore I'm like I'm
not I'm kind of like being more creative by choosing that Oprah picture well I think that
memes are I mean gifts are basically just memes so it's essentially like responding
with like a can joke like that's what she said you know it's like you're being clever
using cultural context you're kind of hacking more than you are participating right whereas
emojis are just simply like you're just crudely depicting certain concepts using images instead
of words when you could easily use words so it's essentially language whereas a gif is
more of like it's it's it's more of like a joke or something but I think easily that's
just a matter of I mean you're I appreciate you saying that but you probably know that
totally a subjective thing than that and oh shit number of these kids would be like that's
exactly what I do when I send an eggplant emoji or right or even a smiling emoji using
those characters like they're they're creating a language using these new symbols they're
essentially new letters but you know that's like creating their own meaning and so you
could like do the jack-off thing and that's maybe a step removed but that's different
than like the sweating in the hand which are just letters you know whereas I think you're
communicating the full idea when you share a meme or a gif it's like it's again more like
a joke and it is almost like it's almost like albums to DJs so like certain people have
incredible collections of gifts and like and memes so if you're like if you're pet if
you're petty like myself and you're online and you're you're flaming and you're going
back and forth with somebody if they have like a just a fucking Pokemon ball size or
collection I don't play Pokemon because I met girls and shit was half laugh and half
bald up fists and I respect you all for that but some people have like an arsenal of just
like images to throw at you and also okay so maybe this is what's key about it is that
with the emoji library that you're choosing from you're not choosing from a circulated
cabin of air there's a cultural tint to an animated gif library even if because I'm not
going to lie I don't I don't curate a fucking folder of awesome gifts and make them and
stuff but people do and because people do it's kind of a little closer to sending a piece
of wall graffiti that because there's a culture out there of people who are continuously
updating and circulating images pulling them from TV shows and things and if you're drawing
from that pile you're at least drawing from something more vibrant than the idea of Pepsi
or something to you here's the 109 images to choose from this fiscal quarter here's how
here's how you say I'm going swimming it's a drawing of a guy going swimming but over
here it's like like here's the latest in in but but where it fails is where it's like
people can use gifts to be just as banal and horrendously enforcing of like horrible toxic
like I remember when when Megan Gans was like like like reaching out to me on Twitter and
going like you hurt me or whatever and like the the people that were like all the popcorn
gifts of people eating popcorn and then other people going like you're gross like like
that's this is a gross time for that what the fuck what I'm eating popcorn right and
it was like that is like the same sickening thing that emojis do it reduces us to yeah
like keys on a keyboard and but the the healthy idea of it is what did you just say and then
you like you just you're pulling you can you can type words into the little Giffy engine
but it's still like okay here's Steve Carell like getting a pint his face or something
but what's cool about the like gifts and memes is that like you have to pick it yourself
which means you have to like know it exists like these days you can search for like
keywords or whatever and get one but like it's an artistic decision to pick one that
you think fits best and that's also very much like me meaning where it's like there's a
bunch of different things that are kind of this basic joke but you pick this one because
it's the most applicable whereas I'll type like I'll type like I went there right into
Giffy and then it'll come up yeah and that's how I discovered that 50 cent like dry it's
like he's not saying I went there as he's driving away but it's like that's what comes
up when you type I went there or whatever and then I like and then Cody and I discovered
that and then we have a relationship with that gift like we keep on sending 50 cent to
each other like driving it's like an old meme and you can look up the origin of it and
like all the then people add like Bert in the back seat as he's driving away and stuff
yeah. Yeah but I don't think emoji has that I think you can kind of get there but it's
just at the end of the day it's just like this means man this means hand this means
dollar bills you know and this means I'm talking to you like this so like it's all the most
obnoxious shit. Who has ever done that? The worst is the fucking crying thing it's like
it's like I just oh yeah the crying laughing it just makes me so fucking mad that it's
it's like taking the LOL phenomenon which is like like like people just type LOL or
ROFL or LMA like it's just it's just such a nervous twitch that everyone wants
everyone to know they're laughing at them condescendingly it's so fucking toxic I fucking
hate it like like if you're gonna condescend to someone you should know how to condescend
not tell them you're condescending it's fucking horse shit that you can raise a flag while
you're talking going by the way I'm condescending to you no you're not allowed to you don't
have the words. Yeah it does kind of feel like LOL would be like executed like LOL.
It's like holding up a photo of Frasier like while you're talking by the way I'm super
smart right and from Seattle no you're not put that down. That would be cool I like
like you're not allowed to do that that's that's that's one of the big it's like it's
like fucking like that I guess that's me like really shaking my cane it was like in my
day you could really you had to be a genuinely condescending person they would had to be
in your fucking veins you couldn't just like go get your mail and be like oh I wish I was
one of those condescending types and then and then just be like oh these letters and
then condescending and like you're not no you're not you're a sincere hillbilly you're
not condescending at all you're an idiot you can't condescend to anything but maybe
like a termite that's eating your garage that you could be like I'm gonna get you
lm lmao it's it's because there's a printing price now so yeah I mean these are the frustration
that's the thing that's making me real I'm like I'm only I'm only expressing the
frustrations that the fucking status quo expressed to Gutenberg yeah when he
printed police academy whoa yeah when the when the when Martin Luther was like I
I have a dream that Bibles should be in German instead of Latin I don't think these I don't
know if these hilarious historical mix them up sir I don't know if they're they're
not landing because you don't get them you're just sort of like why are you doing
what are these is this like fractured flickers like a 1950s comedian are you
gonna do let's spoonerism that's funerals next Finder cello okay well looking at
I did it there were like there were like stand-ups they would have a whole
spoonerism act there we go Finder cello was a was a sin press I don't think they
mixed the words up no I know it's we're isms are there you you flip the first word
of two words or to first letter but then you have to know that's that's
Cinder Fella and then you have to care about that and I'm like I saw a dude
in Milwaukee it was like an old-timer and he did a whole stand-up act so do you
guys know where spoonerisms are and the and I was I was at like a deaf jam show
like we're Schrab and I were like went there on a dare to each other like we're
gonna do the deaf jam open mic and we both this is awesome and and at the time
it was like it was like a new concept the deaf jam thing and Schrab and I was
very young and I I went out was like yeah I just played to my whiteness and
like the Milwaukee black crowd was like totally respectful and supportive because
I was like I was totally cheap and was like look at me I'm the white guy but
there was like there was like that I remember there was this old guy that
came out was like just he had no it was like he didn't know from he didn't there
was like deaf jam I don't it doesn't he just came out and did this crazy like
Catskills act and he was like have you folks heard of spoonerisms and and I
would know what is happening and he was like a spoonerism was what and he
explained what a spoonerism was and then he was like and I have a spoonerism
story and then he told the story of Finder cella and her pleb pisters whatever
I can't do it's like he just went through the story of Cinderella but like mixing
the letters and she was Cinder fellow yeah how did it oh how did it go over it
was it was it was so weird it was just it was just like people weren't heckling
because it's Milwaukee and they were like they were polite and like it was like
a working-class crowd that was just like who's this old dude like why is he doing
this what is he doing I don't understand what's happening is he having a stroke
like what what why is he doing this like what is Finder cella gonna eat some
pussy like I it's a big jam night at an already shitty comedy club like what
are we what are we doing here why are we here oh great if that had happened and
the guy just finished yeah I think they were waiting they were they were like I
don't want to be like set up like in the middle he goes like and then he ate some
pussy and does a backflip and like starts playing the violin with his balls and
like everyone's like see I was on his side from the beginning but he just
finished up and it was like and then he got in a hearse and drove into a pit the
weird thing is we had never it was Milwaukee so you think you know everybody
and that this guy just came out of nowhere I think he might have been a
ghost yeah I think his his hair might have been snakes like you go to his agent
and go hey what was with that guy did you book him in the wrong room that guy
died 30 years ago if you listen closely you can still hear his act in all black
rooms why is that ghost up here again why did he do that it's not the
response you want from an audience I'm just still stuck on this Finder cella
because I realized that the reason it's Finder cella is because you have to put
the F in there otherwise there's nothing to spoonerize because it would just be
Inder cella which is just nothing like that's spoonerizing with a non present
letter yeah I I don't know what to do with the old cube
what was wrong with the old cube it was small okay I don't like the reaction
that got it made me feel insecure well I think it's a just don't you're not gonna
drink out of this you're not gonna no no I meant that you say it was too small
really titillated people well they were cuz they were watching my just they were
watching me the whole time they're like a dumb monkey how and what what have you
managed to get to the new place and and why like what did you need that you were
like I gotta stop fucking around I need knives we can I tell one more story from
that stand we'll get this remember like there's so I have so much sense memory
of that that particular club I can't remember its name but it had the deaf
jam night that it also would have like a regular comedy night like I got
ostensibly for white people I don't know but like it's like it was a different
anyone please come and I remember there was this magician and he came there early
and I was like I'm gonna do my shitty stand-up act and this magician who just
like he was one of two magicians in Milwaukee and he was a constant presence
at every every open mic and he something set up and he's like Dan I think I'm
glad you're here sit sitting back but right in the middle right in the middle
and it was like this empty house and I sat in back and then he's like he played
like Susie in the banshee song I was like kiss them for me and he made this
like handkerchief dance and go in a aquarium and then it came out of the
aquarium and and he finished he did the whole did this three-minute thing where
he made this handkerchief dance and I was like really entertained by it because
it's like geez the energy put into this guy like pulling these strings with his
hands on his that are attached to his rings and he's like making this handkerchief
dance it was like that's impressive and it was like I was like yeah it's really
cool it's cool like that must have taken a lot of work and he's like yeah yeah
did and I was like it I don't know what I said where it was like I didn't mean
to because I didn't realize I didn't know that you weren't supposed to see the strings
like because he that was the reason why he was making me sit somewhere and he's
like just watch this is what's this and then I was like like that's cool like
this so the strings are just on your rings or whatever he was like he fucking
I've never seen a human being like he was like because he had asked me to sit like
that chair no that no right to your left holy shit so he must have been like that
least that person won't see them or was it like that's the one chair left like
had he had had he been there all night and had he had like his girlfriends in
every chair I just accidentally triggered a fucking meltdown that's yeah but it
was crazy because I was impressed I was like well that's fun like like a hanky
on some strings tied to your rings and they're like pulleys everywhere and it
was like like that's fun oh it's fun I like it doesn't I don't have to believe
that there's an angel helping you like that's silly like I know that there's
no ghosts happening you literally were like are those bunnies gonna be safe in
that box I really was not trying to be a dick I swear no not at all because you
were in love with the actual ballet of the whole situation because you know
weren't supposed to see that shit the back then it was like there was like a
serious fucking turf war like people the stakes were high before karaoke wiped us
all out the the boy were people proud of their craft and I remember a friend of
mine and everybody smoked back then and like I've told the story before but it
was just like like like scenes from the class struggle in open mic comedy in
Milwaukee in 1989 like it there was a comic who he was a magician sorry that's
the whole point of the story who never the twain shall meet he somebody had
broken into the safe house in Milwaukee and in this place like there was this
door that you could just kick in from the sidewalk safe house the safe house is
like a tourist trap in Milwaukee sounds like such an action moron oh it's one
of those Milwaukee tourist traps hey you're in Milwaukee you'll pay anything
God knows you won't take your business to Chicago but it was just sort of like it
was like this spy themed bar okay that had a secret entrance okay and it had an
open mic where you were you would perform for like up to five Austin
businessmen who were sleeping off a red eye it would just like practice dying in
this place and but and and one of the one of the magicians that stored their
stuff got somebody somebody kicked in a door and the closest thing to the door
was like a trunk full of magic shit and they took it and I came to the open
wake night that night and wouldn't that that magician was just like crying yeah
was like like no what the fuck they fucking took all my shit it was fucking
like five thousand dollars worth of shit like all these like like genuinely had a
bunch and I just remember like my friend and mentor like a young comic but still
way older than me because I was like 17 and like he's got a camel light dangling
from his lips and he's like you can still smoke indoors and he's like oh god
that's so that's a fucking bummer that's a bummer man bummer and then he the guy
goes running off to like fret and like talk to police or file his report about
his magic trunk and he just turns to me I was like that's what you get for being a
fucking prop comic and it was just said with no fucking humor nothing it was just
like like yeah you fucking Hispanic you know it was just like this race war
between performers like the fucking jet like you know here's the thing like
here's the thing puppets props all that shit big time war gangs not a lot of
places to perform don't want to follow a dude with a prop but at the same time
sometimes good Willie Tyler Lester people puppets not so bad puppet musicals
all sorts of shit Henson great but here's the thing honor among comics we
don't shit on each other we don't yeah the comic you're crazy because you have
a credit card machine attached to your fucking briefcase and that's a great
bit for you I'm not mad at you for that shit I'm just thankful I don't have to
carry that shit around it was great it was great yeah it was crazy how mad we'd
get about about people who had like the same shtick or they had like they would
kill yeah it was like they would kill yeah that doesn't deserve to kill that's
a bunch of bullshit it's like what are we striving for here we want to earn our
keep because we want to suffer like what did we we were ship Bill Hicks you
know right everybody wanted to be Bill Hicks everybody wanted to be the truth
bringer the light giver the the that perfect blend between like you've got a
strong 45 but you you're also like so fucking filled with rage but it's like
not everybody's filled with rage like that was the fucked up thing is everybody
wanted to be angry and everybody wanted to kill and like not die and yeah it was
everybody wanted to be Bill Hicks and a lot of people would have been better
Stephen Wright's yeah like a lot of people were like cornball cutesy funny and
we would we would we would ridicule them yeah because if they were too cutesy
or something if they were to PG yeah people that didn't work blue sometimes
you'd respect them but they'd have to fucking murder in order for you to
respect them if they don't work blue because it's like what are you trying to
say you you're not you're not allowed to say fuck you're in a fucking bar like
like just like the crazy factionalism is so entertaining to me now looking back
but what's really funny about it is like we the presupposition was that one tribe
was gonna win out and what's funny is that they like I was there for the
karaoke machines being rolled in one by one and it was like it used to be
comedy versus darts it was like it was like like like my friend Sean McKenna
at the at the LA freeway which was a Milwaukee like bar that I did my first
open mic he was like he would he would say hey it's open mic night folks and
you know that because you can't play darts and it was like it was true it was
like that was the big problem with it it was like well there's a microphone in
front of the dartboard so and and then but then five years later it was like
they're just these dudes with mustaches like rolling in with these dollies of
weird sci-fi equipment it was like what is that it's karaoke what does that mean
yeah karaoke yeah it's a Japanese thing where you sing other people's songs it
was like the fuck is this a year later done everyone get yeah why would the
Holiday Inn next to the airport ever want a fucking alcoholic slob to
berate the people waiting in the lobby if they can replace them for 20% less
with a fucking music machine that lets them sing I will survive like they will
make them come in by the drums it was just like this crazy boogie nights thing
of like oh you've been replaced with joy you've been all of your conversations
about what's hack of the oh that guy's act is hack because he's he's above the
belt and he doesn't work blue he's too blue oh he's he's ripping off Andrew
Dice Clay he's ripping off Kevin Durant Durant
Kevin Sorbo all that Hercules stuff thanks
just all wiped out wiped out by this other thing that we never had a chance
to factionalize we never were like oh singing people we're all extinct like
that was funny alright anyways you're asking me a provocative question about
moving about what it takes to make the list to be transferred yeah I don't
know and that's that's the weird Zen tales bin I man I wake up in the morning
and I go I need shit in this house and then I'm like what shit are you gonna
put in this house and then I'm like I don't know a microphone because I'm
good but I'm like do you talk to your therapist about this I haven't really
yet I that could be fun might get you a couple more weeks so yeah take your
microphone she would just say oh that's well that's where you're at you know
like I think that's really profound like that's where you're a little more
changing you're changing you know she's really into it like but we have a
shorthand league shit we got like oh that's not who Dan Heller is like I'm
like like whether I would literally take Cody's name or not I like the idea that
I'm Dan Heller now yeah or like I'm not Dan Heller yet because I like I keep
fucking up like but I like to think in my head like I'm turning into a different
guy yeah my older age Joseph Campbell talks about that like in like tribal
cultures there's like you know old men they they get reborn they change the way
they dress at a certain age and they go from being like they'll actually change
their identity yeah they'll be like oh I was I was fucking kicking bird but now
I'm like screaming screaming stereotype screaming stereotype give me your wisdom
well I don't have that much I'm just a I'm just an eye cloud of tropes that Dan
Harmon got from fivemovies I thought it would be eat eat laxatives and get off my
life but that is the thing like think I mean that like they were like western
culture you go like what that's what we totally deny ourselves we deny ourselves
the right I was I was on Duncan Trussell's podcast recently and we talked a lot
about the right to change your mind how we punish it how yeah that is true like
like like like we especially like like we definitely do not want and it's
something that that occurred to me is like all the endless debate and
investigation that we commit to the idea of nature versus nurture which is totally
valid like that's of course that's a totally like that's of academic interest
nature or nurture did your mom's genes make you a serial killer or was it the
thing your mom made you eat but either way it was your mom exactly either way it
wasn't you either way it wasn't you and that's the thing that we it's profound
how much we debate about nature versus nurture but we don't debate about will
versus free will that much you have to like sign up for a weird unmarketable
college class in order to have these conversations about are we choosing
anything ever or are we just products of a bunch of fucking shit that's either
nature and or nurture but do we do we actually like see I fucks with that
argument constantly the do we choose can we move can we make our own way sort of
thing and it is weird because to a certain degree we do sort of choose is
my is my thought I side with that because the alternative is going insane like
you're just like a chuchu train going around a Christmas tree he called God's
board yeah no reason and you're just like oh it's I feel like I'm choosing
whole wheat over Ryan God's like nope that's your fucking dopamine idiot fucking
little clockwork man yeah way to choose wheat this time you fucking matchbox
car also so boring to watch us if we were constantly making the wrong choices
like be just watching a tragedy day after day so in order for it to be a sitcom
and fun to watch there's a little bit of free will that goes on but there's a
certain amount of fucking up that also is part of it I like this idea that
there's free wills and illusion and God is watching that he's because the
why did I do this this is it but that is like an old man watching a model train
like you set up a model train set and then you watch it go around and do
exactly what you anticipated it would do and if it fucks up you fix it like if
the train makes its own decision you call that my I fucked up making my model
train my understanding was I read in the past that a science scientists
generally have formed the consensus that free will is illusion but if you think
about that it doesn't help so for all intents and purposes it's not but but
scientifically it is which means that like I think that means that astrology is
real right I mean it's the equivalent for sure yeah I was born like this yeah so
oh so I'm just a guy who was born in this house on this date and then my mom did
this and then my dad did this and then the school I went to this happened and
licorice was in season and right and so here I am doing this podcast saying
these words that I'm about to say there they go there go those words that I was
already about to say that's so I mean I guess that's what Westworld was about
maybe that was a good I thought it was a bag of shit maybe it was profound oh I
just got it the piano roll oh shit was that your ring yeah Dan's ring flew off
for the folks at home who applauded my ring flying off fucking incels they're
everywhere finding love is the worst thing ever happened to you you think
that magician like that's always how he reacts to people getting his illusions
it's like yeah you just put that card there fuck
that's a bad temperament for a magician I think well it's a bad temperament
really I saw the inside of his apartment once oh no what and I will never trust
magicians again I was like whoa there's the trick yeah what is you being out in
society yeah is the prestige like this is was it a mess temple to self abuse yeah
and also you have a living girlfriend who of course is your assistant at like
like and if she stops being your assistant there will be a new girlfriend and
she will be your assistant because the other one escaped and like like because
because she unlike these dying doves in this cage who are just wondering am I
next for the sleeve like if there could be a Pixar movie there's like yellow
feathered doves like in this lightless apartment going like dude you're going
in the sleeve next you hear that phone call that was his manager you're going
to Toronto you're going in the sleeve you're going in the fucking dove holster
you you're not gonna make it holy shit the blackness the dark fucking hole it
was like just because I think when you're a magician you do have license to
justify your apartment being caked in debris you can go well that's a bunch of
magic newspaper I can't throw that away I might have to I might need that to
put it in that broken refrigerator god damn no not a magician an open mic
magician god that's darkest yeah I mean but have you that's like okay for the
clan to hate darkness which only happens if you're really dark right
yeah yeah justifiable well okay so just to understand I'm not trying to to
gotcha journalism but I understood that your apartment was pretty messy so how
did this make an impact on you I think well animals obviously is a huge step
no you're right you're absolutely right I mean I ended up living in just as much
filth as a magician oh but you see so at the time you made that judgment you had
a better place I had the privilege of being a college dropout who was like
basically still living with I was just living like a college kid like I was
sure yeah I was going from a dorm room to like oh hey can I crash in your attic
and so I didn't have enough stuff to be filthy right I would definitely graduate
to that very quickly you're absolutely right gotcha I said it was a gotcha it
was no I'm kidding sorry I just want to because I don't know it sounded like
obviously like and sad animals and then the mess they make is definitely like a
level above but I was just trying to understand because it sounded like it
wasn't necessarily the level of mess but then you're saying stuff that indicated
it might have been anyway yeah what's up have you like oh buffalo why did you go
wings yes what what made you I was just I was like I was like Bob Dylan I was
trying to learn about I was I would I don't know I would pick somebody up drive
to a gig I I can't remember honestly I would like I I was like I'm focusing on
my comedy so I'm like in it to win it like I don't know I was in the biz and I
just wondered I can't I yeah maybe I would pick maybe I was picking him up
maybe I maybe my car was working and his wasn't maybe maybe maybe we were
gonna write a script together I have no idea I can't remember but it is it yeah
it is but I mean yeah in terms of overall filth not as meaningful as much as
like these guys they perform in these fancy costumes and they have names like
the great zander and like to a man they do not it's like like they don't live in
like a loft that's like a maculet and there's like oh my illusion chest it's
like no it's just a fucking filth nest like because because how else are you
gonna learn to roll quarters on your knuckles it's not by cleaning up you
have to sit and like eat string cheese and like let the wrapper fall out of your
mouth like you know if you want to get the jump on the other magicians that are
like practicing just as much quarter rolling on the knuckles you have to sit
there and fucking like flip cards over and over again you're gonna watch
Colombo and collect mucus no these tricks you can learn these tricks you
don't need to like suffer you have to practice that shit I mean it's manual
it's not like the gymnast house has diarrhea all up maybe you don't know
any good gymnast a gymnast house has fucking emotional trauma all over it
because they're 11 years old and they've been their souls been shattered
because they have no agency he was supposed to have a workshop like a magic
shop yeah like it that's what it would be in like the Colombo episode where the
suspect was a magician everybody welcome to my loft right there's my freight elevator
and here's my guillotine trick and like because a production designer designed
my nest like there's not shit everywhere but the truth is dirty people dirty
people there was an and high suicide rate to yeah yeah there was a there was a
there was a there was a magician that worked at the same fast and we would his
car was in the parking lot it was very clear he was living in it like like and
it was like he's still like they wear like three-piece suits and like ties but
it was like then they get in this like Dennis Woodruff station wagon with a
portal let hanging off the back and like a fucking bag of pee on the handle and
I love how we started off started off saying hey we're all equal
and then by the time we were done like lousy fucking magicians with their I just
have a picture with people going to the looks like it's like in a world where
like it's like I'm gonna lie to people yeah I don't want to get better at that
I'm not dishonest enough yeah I gotta get real good what our friend Asperger
detective would call redirecting light like I'm gonna I'm gonna make you think
this handkerchief is floating because God is real I I'm not content to just be
like check out my fucking thing where I like put these wires and I made this
handkerchief again like I mean God bless but God damn
that should be the title of the podcast God bless it breaks my heart to feel bad
for a magician God damn that's like when you find out that shit about people at
Disney and they're like puking in the heads and there's catacombs underneath
where they feel like they have to have to eat this burrito really fast so I
can get outside and deal to do the business and you're like damn Disney
yeah damn or like ballerina's feet are all mashed up yeah that's worth it well
it's working yeah but it's sad to find out you're like oh he's so beautiful
jumping over the yeah my feet are all purple yeah everybody should have to know
what every other profession goes through just to do the shit or you go like what
a beautiful breed of dog yeah well it's bred for fucking I have to clean its
sinuses out with a q-tip or it'll die overnight yeah we because someone in
England thought their faces looked adorable that way we uh it's a mush face
dog it can't really breathe on its own and it needs a CPAP machine ask me how I
can get its tail to curl dare you hot iron yeah involves thousands and
thousands of years of a hot iron and then dangling it in a well I mean that's
dogs in general like dogs are that's the ultimate dogs are the ultimate
magician or like they're they because they're they're like human kind's best
friend and they're so emotionally attached to us and they're like so we're
like oh my god what a bond we have with you and then you like you open the hood on
that you're like oh god yeah it's because every single time one of your
brothers or sisters disappointed a caveman they threw him on the fire yeah
and then the ones that were left were allowed to breed and it's just like now
you got all these different shaped fucking things like oh this one's used to
clean cannons out and fucking Brunswick like it's it was bred for the
formity of its front arms and it's like it can't get it's it's it gets more lung
cancer than usual but it's true boy can it clean out a cannon it'll get those
ferrets right out of your best deals right right at first prize look at it
trot like you know they have special muscles in the inside of their brow
that make them more expressive that wolves don't have wolves can only look
like they're gonna eat you almost identical DNA with like dogs are just
like they just like them thing like it's like different breed of canine
since you have said that when I listen to you talk I try to not do that
my natural look at me like I think me I think all people when somebody's talking
to you they're like you be like yeah I went and got some beer and they're like
oh yeah yeah what happened but since you have said that to me I've been really
conscious of like yeah that wouldn't happen what you're trying to look like
a wolf what what are you trying to look at I told you Dan I don't I don't always
know what's gonna happen but you're conscious of your brown we've been cool
for like 13 years but one day I may have to bite you
well yeah I mean I yeah it's I'm hard-pressed to know like do I respect wolves
more than dogs because wolves are like they're you know you said there's a
documentary about they compare the two and then they put the put the little
treat under the cup and the wolves will just like they know the treats of the
cup and they paw at it and they're like wolf get the cup and then the dog
will try for the cup and a can't and it stops and it looks at the nearest
person because it's like can I use me but I did my best yeah and it's like I
don't are we on the side of that or not is it the shadow we cast or is it it's
it's just crazy it's like it's such a it's a strange poetic relationship it
is it's great that like we needed something and that something kind of
also needed us it's weird when you're like dog walks over to you and puts its
head on you because you're like oh man we get along and we don't speak the same
language you could have left a long time ago you could have changed your mind
and bit my face off a long time ago and it's dope it's kind of the it's kind of
the coolest thing that man did or woman did for each other thousands of years
ago they're like in the future you're gonna need a dog when I first moved to
the new house there was this moment that I never had with Harvey where like he
it was he didn't really like he's not like this is my house and it's not he for
all he knows I'm just like well you know their dogs are just like I'm sure they
get a sense of like sort of like oh this is my new bro this is my new den but
he just like he's like well I'm with you you're my man and I'm your dog and
we're here together and I kind of like it just kind of organically happened that
he and I like walked the perimeter of my house together and he just like there's
no leash or anything it was just sort of nighttime and he he just like fell into
this behavior that was like and that I fell into too where I was like it just
felt so right it felt like lifting a hammer or a gazelle femur like it was
like I'm this sentient primate and I would just had this like retriever at my
hip yeah he just kept perfect pace with me and he kind of like it was as if he
understood that what we were doing is we were just sort of checking the perimeter
and he it was that there's something just swelled inside me I think it's very
notable though that like you know I think I don't know what the numbers are like
let's say 50,000 years of dog domestication versus the 10,000 years of cat
infestation and I say that very affectionately as a former cat person
I just like cats if you ask them are you domesticated they would say no thank you
very much sir I am not a domesticated animal I've chosen to live among humans
because it profits me and and and unlike dogs cats don't they come in some
different shapes and furs and things but they're basically cats and when we go
into outer space we're gonna bring dogs and cats and it cats didn't kiss as
much ass as dogs did and they're still coming on the arc for sure and I think
that kind of interesting because also what I find interesting that humans love
cats as much as they love dogs we maybe if you could quantify that that might not
be true but like we we we will bring the in the way that matters we will bring
cats with us to outer space if we survive and like like we love cats because
they're soft and they they react to us loving them and and they're and like it's
almost like dogs didn't have to go as far as they did it's almost like we as
humans were like you know what you could have split the diff and we would have
might have respected you more you could have negged us a little bit and the
dogs are like I figured it out whatever you say boss and we're like all right
dial it back this guy catches mice and he purrs that's it like he could shit where
he want he shits in a box how's that for fucking yeah consideration yeah it's
it's just it's interesting because humans are very self-loathing which is why we
I think we reach out we every human that every animal that we ever touched I'm sure
we tried to domesticate we come across an elephant we probably were like oh can
you have one as a pet and the answers no you can't because they're smarter and
they have graveyards I don't know you can't you can't have an elephant as a
pet you can't what if I would have this elephant I breed it with that if it's
gonna be still be an elephant it's gonna be mad at you and step on you or it's
gonna be sad and step on a stool and cry and then die and it'll remember where
it died and every every all the other elephants will go and a scientist will
go they're all sad and we'll all cry not a pet not a pet you can't you know we
try ferrets we try lizards you know everybody needs a carney in their life
but it's because we hate ourselves like you know where we're not we're not
what other animal species is like so insecure that they're like anybody else
want to party that's fucking crazy like you're either eating some shit or it's
eating you that's the general rule in the animal king yeah there's some ants
that milk some aphids I get you and there's copper bars I'm picking up
what you're laying down there's some there's some crocodile birds eating at
the teeth right I got you player that's the interspecies opening line you
are you a shark I see you shark out there general michigan's going on between
a couple species oh this spider lays an egg and the egg looks like a fruit and
the fruit like it makes a pollen or whatever but you know like only us are
like who wants to party yeah I'm so alone yeah Wilson well we share food yeah
we fucking will give up food yeah that's a big fucking deal to animals but then
only dogs are like oh shit that's a human baby however actually oh shit this is
a thing I could have written down okay so damn we filled some time in my new
house there there is this species of bird oh very interesting like there's a
couple of neighborhood cats and there's also this like weird species of bird that
I don't see a lot they have like very long tails they kind of look like sorry
what that would be cool
okay I love three things about that I love that you're British I love that you
in the place I moved there's these birds with like the peacock right and then
I was like sorry what you're like sorry peacock I'm sorry I just I hit the
buzzer too early you probably didn't move to a zoo yeah where I used to live
there is peacocks and like the hills like ranch property and I drive down
there just to seem like they jump up on a house to be like holy shit wait well
see me valley yeah and see me okay so I apologize sir that then so it's not a
crazy thing to be like peacock well to me it indicated he thought you moved
somewhere really rich yeah okay like a really rural like like out in the
outskirts like shadow hills and there's peacocks out there yeah okay alright
sorry maybe I don't know I didn't mean to mock you I meant to mock you but I
didn't have all the information I needed to mock you and shouldn't have mocked
you that's what I mean the delivery did deserve mockery no it was fun it was
funny that in my mind peacocks or like are like tigers like they only exist in
like a country zoo or a foreign land yeah that's my own ignorance apparently
like you think I'm like Aquaman or something like like oh he must have
moved to the sea like Xana do anyway sorry matter right no they're like
regular looking birds that float or fly around float float flappy flappy float
or what are they what colors are they I'm they just like they bird color but like
blue and purple green they just have they just they're just characterized by like
they have slightly longer tail feathers than but they picture like a sparrow but
then take its tail feathers and like make them like the length of an extra sparrow
on the end okay yeah so it's just like you said like a little baby road runner
like not a cartoon style but like anyways but they're all over my house and
they're very like they're they god damn they they so there's this neighborhood
cats and like if the cat comes in my yard I'm like ah cute kitty we got a
little neighborhood cat maybe I'll give it a bowl of milk one day it's like
unicef like maybe if they catch me at the right time I'll give them a heath
cliff fishbone but no sooner than I'm thinking that these fucking things
dive bomb this cat good the birds are those birds are everywhere all over my
yard they don't fuck with humans they're constantly like fly they'll fly low
they're not like they don't I've never felt threatened by them I've been
impressed by their they're kind of like I don't know what you'd call it like their
space is very top gun like yeah like oh hello sailor like like they're you use
the sailor's don't play planes but if they did but Marines don't swim as much as
the Navy it's true so fuck you for thinking I'm hey look there's room for
immersion among the armed forces there could be sailors that fly you don't know
there are there are ships they go up in planes they're out in boats you got to
be in the Navy to fly some of those planes right you're in the Air Force
still but you're also a sailor on the Navy thank you and fuck everyone boat
especially you peacock man how dare you think I had peacocks sorry down down
yes yes British fan anyways it's I just find that remarkable because I was
thinking what I'm like these fucking things okay I know they're there this
cat wasn't doing anything it was definitely not like looking to rumble
it was like sunning itself and these birds start one and then two started
going zoom and they were like fuck the cat was like fuck you like it was not it
was like leaving alone I'll move then and then the birds are like I said fuck
you and the cat was like fuck man yeah and I was like why I was like holy shit
I've never seen this these birds are warring on this cat like honey come look
at this and it was like moving from window to window is like holy shit they
won't leave this fucker alone he's like running is like at this point he is now
definitely the victim like if he wasn't before it was like he's just like I'm
like I'm only born a cat like I've done nothing to any of you and they were
just like fuck you don't like the shape of your body and and I just thought that
was crazy because and I was thought about it was like but they'd never fuck
with me though I recognize that bird they don't do that to me I'm in the
backyard in my pool or I'm running around like they've obviously they've got
an instinct to protect their nest or their grounds 400 birds a year one cat
it though they spread out and they'll kill fucking four houses full like in
that region you mean the cat cats are that cats are the shark of the
sphere and whereas humans are not and in fact to the contrary they is like this
species of no species of bird that lives in a city would survive if their
behavior included ever fucking with a guy mowing his lawn yeah because you
would immediately go that there's a vampire bird open season you hear them
headpeckers are back again like they'd be extinct immediately are they are
they don't live to tell the tale there's no such thing as that species I just
found that kind of fascinating that key and tumblr mechanism but also did you know
crows are you hear that episode of that G show oh yeah about crows now you know
you know you know about the the drop the nuts in the street and they've you know
we've all heard that one that old trope they drop pennies on the train tracks
but they like recognize faces they say about crows yeah human faces yeah I
bet they do that's why don't be mean to crows they'll they'll like they'll like
they're they're they're they're higher tech like they're it's not good enough
for a crow to just be either scared of humans or have an affinity toward them
I thought we were gonna die no we're good earlier about 20 minutes ago how we die
about 20 minutes ago through the crack in that curtain I saw Steve Levy just
standing there cracking his knuckles piano wire so maybe reach for my phone I was
like oh that is like a species of bird that we deem is ugly and kind of like
parasitic or in what would you call it infestuous is that a word like like we
don't look at we look at crows as being like they don't they don't deserve the
the avian title they're like varmints you know but precisely because of that
probably they have developed like a keener relationship with their human
colleagues yeah they're like it doesn't pay to be a crow and look at all humans
as one thing or another it it definitely you reproduce more as a crow if you can
tell the difference between the little girl that brings you worms and the
cranky old man that has a BB gun and it's like the only the DNA past for it's
like so you have this like super intelligence among this like mangy
bird I fucking love crows yeah that's the thing people people love crows people
feel like crows are super smart some people don't like the crows but crows are
like upper middle class in the bird situation so like they're sitting pretty
because they can take on like a hawk like they will fuck a hawk up a group of
them but they also kind of like will eat an egg out of a sparrow's nest so like
and sparrows can't really no matter how many sparrows get together they can't
really take on a crow so it's it's it's a it's a tense and they have funerals
apparently yeah if a crow is dead the other crows will gather around and they'll
observe the dead crow but it's not just out of like some elephant like nostalgia
they don't all be sad fucking idiot bleeding heart elephants oh an elephant
died I'm so sad let's have a wake the crows are apparently like gathered
around the dead crow for a practical purpose they're like appraising what
happened to this dead it's really more of an autopsy it's an autopsy it's a
yeah everyone that dies should have in a proper society an autopsy socialized
autopsy yeah no I thought that was interesting I don't know crows are just
I wish crows would be my friends does that make sense you could train a crow if
you got a baby crow you know you could you could take it up off the streets
yeah they actually are I mean no one wants to be like a bird pet owner but
like crows are especially pretty bad to keep as pets apparently I mean just
just they're messy but they are smart like they'll be good but I just any time
I see a crow I just like I wish I could just like say to that crow like hey
hey man you need some like water or something I bought a frisbee and a bottle
of water to keep it in my car so if I see a hot crow I could put out like a
bird bath of water a hot crow yeah you know you like a sexy crow wearing
like fishnets no but give me a be a girl take a beat but when when it gets
hot you know they kind of open their mouth and they look like they're panting
or whatever and it seems really uncomfortable it's like man that sucks I
also went to the store to try and buy crow feed but crows don't really eat
feed so I don't know I guess I'm gonna get still french fries crows will love
stale french fries if you didn't really fucking anything you get dead squirrel
right awesome they kind of like I mean that's why they don't if you live in
the city and you got crows in your backyard they can't be super fucking
annoying oh they're out there they're there that is not a pretty they're the
they're the German of bird language that is that is not a a call designed to seduce
anyone it's defined and they do the thing that coyotes do which is one crow
will make a bunch of noise to make other crows that it doesn't even know to fuck
your shit up but their call is a little more intricate and that's probably why
it sounds a little uglier to us because it's more function over form like
German struppenhosen virgin awful the the I just said pantyhosen German that's
the only word I know it's a big internet I can say pantyhosen a lot of
different languages that's what you learned at the magician's house but also
that they they mimic other birds like they're just not famous for it the way
parrots are that they can they can choose to sound like other birds they just
no one pays for it just yeah exactly they're like yeah those shit gig I'm
not gonna I'm not your fucking rich little god damn I'm not I'm not I'm not
Branson Missouri right I'm not gonna fucking like play a fiddle for you and
fucking wear rhinestones I'm fucking I'm on the streets bitch
peacock
now peacock I move this place because these braids are locked up peacock
sorry what sir I'm sorry peacock
I love that guy yeah yeah I love just enough booze guy is that don't peacock
sound like cats the peacocks go like yeah yeah kind of it's a really bad
sound yeah it's awful yeah brandon's recoiling can you imagine if that cat
fucking being chased by two things making the same noise but your peacock
what if two peacocks were chasing a cat and two of those long-tailed birds that
aren't peacocks were like in the neighborhood they're like yeah I don't
know I don't know what they sound like on fox did you know that whales brandon
that they might be able to communicate their feelings with their echolocation
that that human observers detect pods of whales with a couple of sick whales in it
and we suspect it's possible that the whale song in a pod of whales
that they're so their song so affects each other that if there's a couple of
sick whales in a pod that their whole song becomes we are sick
you so they sort of tease the sick whale and they really feel it too they
try to get rid of the sick whale I'm sick too I'm just going to go beach myself
that would be an equally valid explanation of that phenomenon we just
wouldn't know we wouldn't assume that they were like us yeah we listen to me
and Dan listen to this podcast on radio lab it was a contest about animal
intelligences is is and the slime mold one which is bullshit what they're not
smart they're just efficient like a robot's not smart that's kind of doubt
it's like like yeah like what's your I mean that's the question they asked in
the beginning like how would you measure animal intelligence would you measure
it if a dog like Robert Kroll which said he used the example of like a
snow fox being able to detect a mouse and dive down to me is not intelligence
like yeah well we define intelligence by like yeah that's but that kind of
raises that question it's like well what are we doing that's so goddamn smart
math cities there you go yeah but we're answers but aren't aren't we doing
those things by instinct and also which one of us can do those things like we're
not we're just we just those things I can do cities I love that we said it like
you to rejects during the apocalypse yeah well I could do math don't kill me
and my boy here he cities we should get extra crackers we should get access to
water because my boy here do city you guys are like of mice and men traveling
like this building should be eleven buildings high which means seven
buildings high plus two buildings high and then no one can question you because
you're like I invented math no one else has math everyone's like oh good good
sounds like that's what eleven is so I'm not very good at it but we're still
rich I guess he's the Gary Sinise that episode was weird they were like it was
a live event and so people were leading really hard into trying to perform and
not like pleading their case but I found it pretty unsatisfying as a result you
know and then it was an interesting blend of that it was a fair and it's some
information I don't know you got it you judge an animal's intelligence by its
ability to unscrew a lid yeah see exactly what I mean it's like an octopus can
fucking get in the thing and then put it over itself like that's smart like
the whale lady was like oh it might be the case that whales feel feelings
because when they echo locate to communicate with each other it actually
hits them in the face and so it's a physical sensation that they're feeling
and so it's like if you're actually punched in the face by sadness rather than
just receiving sadness and I'm like that's not that's not putting yourself
into a cup you know that's not learning to read a book like an octopus does I
mean a motherfucking chicken can beat you a tic-tac-toe that they talked about
that they talked about that hold on it's not not don't it's not true don't
sorry it's my dad stuff chickens are actually the dumbest animal in the
world that chicken beat me I mean that guy was kind of funny right because he
brought the chickens out he was kind of subverting the whole thing well yeah
see to me it's like they say oh we're gonna do a contest about animal
intelligence and here's four people that are gonna do three minutes of weird
stand-up like it's like well let's talk about we could do there's probably
room for both but yeah I don't know anyway I think I'm just 46 and I'm like
now I'm like I like NPR and you're like god damn it the world's on fire and I'm
like calm down it's fucking on fire listen to the big band music on the NPR
they got Tommy Dorsey blowing bubbles they don't want to say Nazi too many
times in an hour they would upset me old bones yeah I think I just specifically
have a vendetta against like that radio lab style of humor I don't know
something about it really greats greats me did you ever hear the radio lab
where they fucking like we're cruel which accidentally fucking catastrophically
triggered like this like indigenous dude who is like they like they oh that
pissed me off but but I was like yeah okay so there was a let's talk about there
was a guy who was talking about how in his village or city or whatever there
was this a phenomenon that he almost invested with supernatural weight to
it because it's like this was it like yellow detritus or yellow dust kind of
came down or something some color of dust descended and there they like thought
it was like it was like a myth or like it was like a secret alien not alien but
they're like oh it's like the government or it's like aliens or ghosts or
something and then he's like you know that was like America doing weird
experiments and he got like really mad right was that you're talking about yeah
but are you sure that specifically was the paradigm because I thought I
remembered it as like they were convinced it was government experiments right
the truth is like fungus or something yeah and so then they got really offended
at the idea and then they were like yeah we've struggled so hard and it's been so
hard and you just don't understand that but it's like no you don't understand
you just the government sucks and also this was just moss like I'm sorry the
government still sucks I'm not saying they're great yeah no it was just great
I was it was crazy to listen to it was basically what he was saying was our
people have suffered from this this incredible dust that the United States
put on us and these guys were like debunkers who were like hey that was just
pollen yeah it was sort of like your people have been the victim of like
exploitation or whatever development or whatever but this yellow shit that comes
down is actually just a natural thing and the it was like it was act it was it
was it was magnified by the fact that there was like a young woman that was
translating for like this elder was like just speaking in his native language and
she was translating for him and it was just it was crazy to hear like it was
like it was really I mean it was one of those things were like I was really
glad I heard it because it was so like it was like part train wreck but there
was something healthy about it I don't know it was like because it was it was
NPR guys that were just like oh by the way we do a science show at NPR and
there's just shit falling down and then the guys like you know like I don't want
to do an impression of fucking indigenous language I don't know I don't know
he's like he's speaking indigenous language and she's translating and it's
like but you can hear his timber changing and then she's translating and she's
going like but you don't understand the thing is it's this and then Kroll which
is like yeah but it was just like the fungus and then he's like his
excitation level starts going up so you can't understand what he's saying but
she's matching his level and she's translating for him in real time and
she's in tears yeah she starts going like but but you don't understand like
like how can you do this to us how can you after everything you've done and
then you bring us in here and the whole time you hear him underneath saying
things you don't understand and but that's mounting and mounting and he's
he's the baseline and she's the treble and they're both going up and up and
up and Robert Kroll which doesn't strike me as a guy who's ever been in the
business of confrontation and so he's just like whoops and and then Jad
Obenrod's like well maybe there's a way to it was fucking but like deep
respect that they aired it that they fucking that they that they family go
like here's a crazy fucking thing we got into yeah where which is like well we
didn't mean to offend but it was like no heroes no villains just like a crazy
four-way intersection of culture humanity like like like I don't know it
was it was it was I mean one thing's for sure you get hypnotized driving to
work you're listening to Radio Lab and then all of a sudden some shit like that
goes down and you're like whoa god damn do I need to pull my car over should I
call in late to work like do I need to drive over to MPR do they need help
it was a driveway moment and I do respect that cuz I like I did Whiting
Wong's with Jessica like you know we would do there was more than a couple
times when it was like shit would hit the fan and like I would sound like a
fucking pompous ass and like I you know we'd step out of the booth and go like
poof that was visceral and then you go like the engineer be like you want me
to edit anything out like no cuz you can't like don't yeah like like like
like let's what are we doing this for then that would be fucking dumb like
like like okay so I threw a tantrum and like like air it you know like gotta do
it gotta do it put it in the shadow box otherwise otherwise you can't pay
yourself to like fucking talking to a microphone I yeah so I do respect it
that they're like they got caught in that fucking sand trap and they were
like oof this is uncomfortable this isn't it's also faster if you double down
in a way that's like oh man I was also shocked by the things that came out of
my mouth versus this like what we do is we kind of run and I think now if you
can get there faster than your critics and go shit I was trying I said some
shit I fucked up and you would have too if you've been talking for 48 minutes
straight cuz we all would like I think after we all got about 15 minutes with
an arm in us which is in in like 30 minutes you start being like yeah my
dad was just you know we just drank too much I don't know anyway I'm glad we're
here let's cut the cake but it just bring me back and I think I get that I
talked with Duncan babbling endlessly about but it was like it had to do with
that free will thing because it's like it is weird how our culture and by our
culture I genuinely mean like I think basically the entire human species
culture like we seem to have it in for ourselves and that we do not want to
reward the changing of the mind we have an inherent suspicion and probably for
a pretty good reason because there's this thing called sociopaths that that
like if there's absolutely if you hold nothing sacred and you can just feel
however express whatever you need to express to get through whatever gates
you need to get through your genuine danger to the rest of society we are
held in place by the fact that hey I choose not to be a criminal today it's
not because there's a cop watching me every second it's right it's like I
there I might not encounter a cop the entire day and still obey the law why
because I have decided that I am a law abiding citizen how do you do that
oh Brandon now a man don't move to the but it's it is it is weird how much we
punish the changing of the mind that we're like oh I don't trust you now
because you said you felt a different way yesterday yeah and the weird thing about
that is that we are all you have outside of the changing the changing is the
only thing like whether we say free will is an illusion or not it's still
arguably that that's all there is to who you really are everything else is
shit outside your control even within a model where you have no control over
your choices like this real stat over here is still arguably the only thing
attention yeah yeah this moved today to yesterday like all this other shit is
like well this guy woke up on Monday and he said I'm proud to be white and he
spent 70 years saying that it's like well that's obviously worth nothing
because it never changed and so like and we but we punish the change it we
we kind of like we regard it we want it to happen a little bit but we don't want
David Bowie did enough but don't do it too much because you don't want to be a
Kardashian don't be empty don't don't reveal yourself to be virtue signal
which means that you only you just do whatever you go where the wind blows
and like we just have all these opinions about when you're allowed to change
your mind and what what what what basis you're using to change how you think
and yet that's all you possibly could be in throughout your life is like how you
change I want my money back from being a human I mean I wish I could be a raccoon
made raccoons don't they there there's no raccoons out there rumbling each other
like hey man you you ate a different kind of garbage yesterday but they do sniff
each other's butt for that reason so there is there is some evolutionary shit
to change you told me all about the butt sniffing yeah with the dogs I know he's
got a whole thing about the butt sniffing it's a it's a go off king it's a
go go go is that a thing or did you most hilarious oh I invented that I'm a
genius go off no no that's a thing that's the counter to yes queen that's
more to yes queen's pepper fucking what I want to hear about this I want to hear
about the uncle or the dog butts spill the spill the power aid no what's this
about dogs spit that gospel priest that they use it to figure out what the other
dog has been eating where it's been going what it's been fucking around with
that they sort of use it like a like it's a cheap GPS because your but hole
holds all the information about where you've been the poop it's their wallet
it's there it's the it's the shoes they're wearing it's like a dog a dog from
uptown is gonna have a totally different asshole yeah than a dog from downtown
and a dog from uptown is like god damn you got a high protein diet right and
like wool wolves are like oh shit there's a lot of protein in your asshole
you're not you're not eating a bunch of grass you're not a sick wolf you've been
downing a lot of mammoth or pigs or I'm gonna roll with you because you've got
protein dispute like like people who hunt with you end up with protein yeah
yeah that's a tough skill and you thought that was a little disappointing
because you're like their capitalists you know they're that they're that they're
not you know that they're but I thought it was a little actually uplifting I
want to go back to the choice thing though because it's super interesting is
that you can buy certain cars you can buy eight colors but on high-end cars you
can get 40 colors right so I think I think choice is a huge thing that gets
used against us and that the execution of choice is offensive to people that
they're like who do you think you are to make that choice it's really what we're
all fighting to do is get to a position where we can choose every hour of the
day but there's a big scam going on right like like the man is laughing all
the way to the bank yeah if poor people and and like like the less we change
our minds well they like to keep you in a box so you can't right right because
because who wants a bunch of poor people like waking up every day and checking
taking inventory and going like how do I feel I don't know I'm gonna make a new
decision today is it taco Tuesday no fuck you it's not even Tuesday oh shit I
whoo yeah like and so there's a and I don't mean like America Area 51 Washington
I like in general society and by the way we live in one what society the like
that is the scam that's the big con is like don't fucking tell me you feel
differently today don't come at me talking about like you were do you felt
one way today and you felt that's women talk like we feminized that we say oh
women are intuitive they were mercurial like we and we tell them at the same
time you're weak that's why you can't be in charge of shit because you'll change
your mind too much we're gonna go shopping it takes forever
goes into a story just something off the shelf I'm on to the shame you the man
if the man is listening I'm on to your shit change my mind every fucking day it's
gonna be the fucking kiss of mines yeah well they kind of stuck to the same
thing basically I'm gonna be the David Bowie of mines but like faster though
I'm not gonna like to take seven years and then be like look at now I'm into
suits I'm gonna I'm gonna be the RuPaul of mines you're gonna be the remember
you're gonna be the Christie Brinkley Billy Joe I'm gonna be the Christie Brinkley
of mine not the early Irish angry Jewish I'm gonna be like a fast forward Billy
Joel where I'm like surprise I'm not I'm not like I'm not gonna hit you for
talking last night at the party now I love you and I'm keeping the faith like
but like I'm not gonna take four years to get there I'm gonna be like I'm gonna
punch you I love you I'm a drone I you were talking about Billy Joel like he
he bedded Christie Brinkley and then he became he was like he was like I'm an
angry man I'm an Irish man Jewish but Irish singing man and then he got a little
last night at the party you started lipping off you had to be a fucking bitch
didn't you oh but you didn't know this morning I pay the rent and then it was
like uptown girl she's got pussy that I've never had I think I'm gonna give her
pussy I'm afraid to look around the world and then and then every other
day I was like cooling in my pockets in the hapen of the Pepsi because the good
days were always good and tomorrow's not as bad as it seems that that's
fucking liberal talk before he was he was all the way mega like what happened
to the fucking stew to bake us are you fucking Chinese right I got a problem
with you and I don't mind playing the piano with my foot I'm racist I'm putting
grease in my hair and if you got a problem you can take it up with my dick
ball cut to do I do I want some grease in my hair maybe I don't love Wheaties
and then it all culminates or we didn't start the fire he's just like no
burning bras for little mine everybody remembers all the burger wars and
Pepsi coke and like he's just hanging out talking about he's like so great
everything so great got that pussy so great so great ex-wife first wife look
at Chrissy Brickley now she's my wife wife wife divorced but I'm Mary Chris
the Brickley so you cannot blow me by the time she left me my dick didn't
work anymore I still win I'm gonna be on American Idol because I wrote 900
songs we didn't we can't top that but we blew it we could have ended on a high
so I mean have you seen these videos of Billy Joel just like losing it and
like throwing shit and kicking stuff was that in his earlier day or no no
on stage like he has these on he's had these on stage tantrums where you're
like what so you've seen him does he I think he like puts his foot through
someone's drum and yeah he got really mad at like a sound check and was like
fuck this but he was on stage well but if somebody brings a drum to a concert
he knows his band oh and I think I would be like if somebody had a microphone
here I'd be like give me that stop that Peacock Peacock stop that that would be
so crazy dude you can't be that amplified I want to see someone bring it
like spring and try to catch her boom boom boom first row I got a pocket full
of boom boom boom boom crap tonight boom boom boom boom spin doctors are like
Chicago we're famous for our camaraderie but buddy come on when you
boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom it says spin doctors on it
you're kind of like boom boom boom yeah next time I go to a concert I'm gonna
get the first row and bring a harmonica
I don't give a fuck who's on stage like oh look it's Tyres Gibson
from the fast and the furious movies, so we all have YouTube to we can you YouTube
Billy Joel. Oh yeah, please do. I mean I wish we could just put it up on the
screen. He throws his piano doesn't he throws a keyboard. I just I can't think
of what the actual move is, but to me it was like just just incredibly violent
like you didn't hit someone, but like everything he was doing to me just just
smack to violence and I was like wow yeah yeah. It punched a violence.
Let there be no mistaking where we're going. Yeah, it was like to violence.
The one thing that sticks in my head about Billy Joel is that it supposedly
maybe it's apocryphal. I don't know, but supposedly he's the one guy that never
gave Weird Al permission to parody him or like boo at the tracks like Weird Al
did that science all Billy Joel to me and then Billy Joel was like historically
it was like thumbs down. I don't like it. Whereas Madonna's like yeah like a
surgeon. I mean I think like a virgin's a little edgier, but I'm not sure what
you're parodying at this point. You're kind of taking the edge off of my work.
Seems non satirical like a surgeon. So Billy Joel come on man. You're ripe for
it. You're ripe for ridicule, but he didn't want it. He did. I don't I don't
cotton to that. Don't weird. You weirdify me. I'm not weird. So you're weird
made that made that weird. I'll bootleg all Billy Joel. Don't you try to make
my songs any weirder. I'm gonna put some grease in a cracker. Jack can put a
student baker on my shoe. We should just do the lamest version. Just change up
down to downtown just to piss him off. Girl.
You've been puttin' on a cracker jack world. Got a guitar and a six string
hair. I got the palm eat on the back street stare. I've got care bears. And
when she comes with my grease I got cats and dogs. And when she sneezes I
collect her snot on a Lincoln lock. She'll see I'm not so tough. Just a box
of snuff. I'm a dandruff and a top top gun.
Top gun made it in. I like that.
We're gonna end the show. The audience is like, okay, we'll clap for it. I got
work. I got work. I get so good. It's the end the show. You got. All right.
Everybody thanks the Brandon Johnson the Comptroller for tonight.
Ladies and gentlemen, that has been Harmontown at the lovely downtown
dynasty theater. Please make some noise for Dan Harmon.
Spencer Crittenden, 30 to 50.
Farrell Hawks, Zac McKeever, Dylan Fabricus, Sarah Hill, Steve Levy.
Oh, shit.
Music.
Great. Be safe. Did you get any of that?
It's a good show.